CLI: Add the `verdi init` command (#6315)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/installation.rst

Isolating multiple instances
----------------------------

An AiiDA instance is defined by its configuration directory, which is always named ``.aiida``.
It contains the configuration file, which holds all the profile information, daemon log files, and `PID files <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Process_identifier>`_.

.. note::

    Depending on the storage backend, a profile's data is typically also stored in this directory.
    However, this is not necessarily always the case, as often the data location can be configured, and some storage backends use a database service that stores the data elsewhere on disk.

The location of the configuration directory is determined as follows:

> 1. First, the ``AIIDA_PATH`` environment variables is checked, which can be a colon-separated list of directories.

Reviewer: Nice, I think this makes sense (and I think mirrors git behaviour?)

Author: Kind of. By default git searches the filesystem hierarchy stopping at the first `.git` folder, starting at the CWD. This can be overridden by environment variables, however, there are two different ones: `GIT_DIR` and `GIT_WORK_TREE`. The former can be used to indicate the location of the `.git` folder, and the second the location of the root of the repository that should be considered. This is kind of different to AiiDA where we only really have `GIT_DIR`, which would correspond to `AIIDA_PATH`.

Another difference is that `GIT_DIR` only accepts a single relative or absolute path, not a colon separated list of paths, like `AIIDA_PATH`. Also, `AIIDA_PATH` will accept any path, even if it does not contain a `.aiida` folder, in which case it will simply create it. `GIT_DIR` will error if a path is provided to a `.git` folder that does not exist.

I think the logic of `AIIDA_PATH` is perhaps unnecessarily complex and the simpler behavior of `GIT_DIR` might be sufficient and easier to understand, but I am not sure if we can change this now since someone might rely on it.

The first directory that points to an existing configuration directory is selected.
If no existing directories are found, the last directory defined in the variable is used.
2. If the ``AIIDA_PATH`` is not defined, the current working directory is checked, going up the hierarchy until the first existing configuration directory is encountered.

> 3. If no existing configuration directory is found yet, the ``.aiida`` directory is created in the user's home folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If no existing configuration directory is found, the ``.aiida`` directory is created in the user's home folder (if it does not already exist).
```

> In the latter case, the configuration directory is automatically created if it does not already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
